---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# Team Assessment and plan

### Team Strengths

Going off my teammates' assessment of their skills on their blogs, I think we have a very varied yet complementary array of strengths. For example, we have people familiar with the Linux environment, which could be very useful for testing, considering some of us work on MacOS. Some are more experienced with Github and making contributions, but aren't too big on documentation, while I enjoy documentation/checking for less technical issues.

### Meeting Time:

Still working on coordinating a time that works best for everyone. Will update.

### Challenges:

This is an ambitious project that we aren't all really familiar with, so it will be challenging to take on the learning curve. However, I think this'll be rewarding as well.

### Milestones

I would love to address a significant (defined as something substantial that won't be dismissed) issue or find one myself and be able to contribute that way. For a lot of the projects we've explored, it's been so hard to even find where to start.


### Open Data Week Events:

  The events I plan to attend are:

      [Data through Design: Art Exhibit](http://www.open-data.nyc/#details256) - Really excited about this, actually, as a lover of art/art history and look forward to see the intersectionality of art and open data.

      [HUMAN DATA: The Impact of Open Data for Connected Infrastructure](http://www.open-data.nyc/#details190) - Mostly going to this because it's close (in Greenpoint) and I think A/D/O is a fun venue, but also interested to see how physical and virtual infrastructure interact.
