---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Reflection on Google's Approach to Open Source

I think Google's approach to open source is pretty benevolent and respectable. I didn't know that there were [so many open source projects produced and maintained by Google](https://opensource.google.com/projects/explore/featured), and didn't expect it to outnumber their closed-source tech. Danna mentioned that Google wants to help share what it did to achieve success, and that "what's good for Google is good for the world" and that "what's good for the world is good for Google," which I actually found reflected in Google's open source [documentation](https://opensource.google.com/docs/). At the same time, knowing all of the controversy surrounding Google's data mining and privacy issues, I definitely have a bit of a hard time reconciling this dichotomy.

## Team Progress

This week we got a lot done. As always, you can check out our progress [here](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/blob/master/meeting-minutes.md).

For convenience, here's a quick summary of the progress this week:  
  * We submitted issues regarding the possible facilitation of setting up the developer environment for beginners, submitted bugs, and made plans to work on three issues (one re: adding favicon, one re: implementing a feature request, one re: fixing the CONTRIBUTING.md doc).

  * I commented on the issue re: the favicon and expressed my (group's) interest in working on it. I discussed the approaches with some of the maintainers / frequent contributors on the issue page, and taking this into account, me and a couple of my other teammates took these approaches and tried to see if they resolved the issue. The basic approach didn't work so we're working on getting the more complex possible solution going (adding an issue handler to one of the python files).

## On Codes of Conduct

After reading Google's [Golang Code of Conduct](https://golang.org/conduct), I think most projects would definitely benefit from having a code of conduct like this. Being on the Internet (especially a website like Github where total anonymity is possible), it's very easy to forget that there are actual, real people on the other end living their own lives and dealing with their own issues. A lot of people take advantage of this by posting inflammatory, offensive, or even just simply careless comments, even if the goal isn't to offend. By holding people to a common, courteous standard and reminding them of this, it could definitely curtail harassment or inappropriate behavior.

Qutebrowser does have its own [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), apparently adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4).
