---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# The Cathedral and the Bazaar


### Differences between them:

The cathedral and bazaar styles of software development are starkly different, but each has numerous advantages. The cathedral style is the traditional style of development: a select, specialized few work on software tools independently from the users. Attempts at suggestions or contributions from the public or anyone defined outside the realm of those in charge are typically ignored. There is an attempt at minimizing noticeable bugs to users. As such, there are no beta versions interwoven among stable releases, at which point the public is finally able to interact with the result or the code involved.

The bazaar style is more bustling and interactive. It follows the "release early, release often" principle that goes against the cathedral methodology: it's beneficial to have contributing developers interacting with the code the whole way through—especially when they can serve as useful beta testers. It emphasizes "Linus's Law": "Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow." In other words, the more people who are involved in the development of a project, the more likely it is that there will be someone who can identify an issue someone (likely someone different from the identifier, with a different set of skills) can fix with their development toolkit. This style highly places importance on involving, depending on, and ultimately listening to the users/contributors. What's interesting to me about the bazaar style of software development is that, according to Eric Raymond, "one cannot code from the ground up in bazaar style." A key component (and maybe even an advantage) to the bazaar style is that there needs to be something to build upon—someone needs to originate the project à la Cathedral; it is later that interested developers go about testing, debugging, reworking, and even taking over the project.

### Which would I prefer?

Though it may be cheating a bit to say so, I'd say it depends. I think there's a certain level of psychology involved in the preference of either style. The cathedral style, especially in its commercial form, is often more preferable in that there's an exclusive element: people who have been allowed to work on this software have had to go through some form of restrictions in order to gain access to it. For example, I–and I would assume most people-would be wary of using software that takes in really personal information (like social security numbers or health records) where the contributors could be anyone. The fact that there are established organizations that have developed a certain level of trust and a dependable reputation would, I think, sway anyone to the cathedral model. With that said, however, there are situations where I would prefer the bazaar model. The bazaar style of open source is inherently collaborative, where the users are part of the conversation. Eric Raymond detailed several situations where users requested certain features that he wasn't necessarily crazy about or even flat-out disapproved of, but ultimately he ended up fulfilling their demands. The fact that the users/contributors are being more seriously listened to, included, and identified as, in a way, owning a project is valuable, and is extremely enticing.



### Selected Lessons:

##### #1 Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.
I think most developers will find this quote instantly relatable. It is a rework of the proverb "necessity is the mother of invention." In other words, we are compelled to work on things that we are genuinely interested in, or which directly serve us a purpose. How many times have you written a program that could make your life easier? Where would the tools and technology in general that we regularly use be if no one had thought of something that didn't exist or did exist but was in their opinion flawed? It's imperative that we "scratch" that creative itch, no matter how small the progress we make may be. The great thing about the bazaar style of development is that often (as Eric Raymond saw), there will be others who are willing to take over the project. This lesson also speaks to one of the reasons many software developers experience burnout: eventually forcing yourself to work at something you're not interested in will burn you out. Even if someone is not a fan of open source, this is one of the most rudimentary of advantages to it.

##### 3 "Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow." (Fred Brooks, "The Mythical Man-Month", Chapter 11)
This lesson reminds me of the author Truman Capote's famous quote regarding editing your writing: "I'm all for the scissors. I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil," which is in part why I like it a lot. Both of these quotes praise the power of editing your work, and this idea is reinforced in many of the later lessons throughout the essay. Essentially, more often than not, you'll write code that you will later find may not be the optimal solution to your problem or goals...or even more notably, you'll find that you weren't asking the right questions, or you'll find your goals will have changed. It is often easy to get attached to a sequence of code that you've written–this is inherently restrictive and counterintuitive, and you may find that the code you write the second (or third, fourth, nth) time will be better and more dear to you than the previous tries.
