---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

# Reflections on OSSD

This course was definitely the most enjoyable and useful (those might be related) elective I've taken. It felt like most of the course was dedicated to teaching helpful tools that would extend beyond the classroom/semester. The focus on Unix/Linux/Git is certainly something that I appreciated learning. Even though I don't know if I'll be an avid open source contributor in the future, I enjoyed seeing just how expansive and profound the open source community is, as I never could've imagined it.

There are only a couple of things I'd add to this course:

1. Another git workshop / maybe a more comprehensive lesson/guide:  
This was probably my favorite lecture. It was fun to go through these steps as a group. It is an extremely useful tool when working in the real world, and a few of us in my qutebrowser group got into an argument about how we should handle contributions to the team repo, and my suggestions were ignored/maybe not understood. In the end, we decided to just add them separately, which really didn't work out because we were often sharing code and everything was so disjoint and sloppy.
2. A good introduction to beginner or at least list of useful/interesting projects at the very start of the semester.  
A big reason for why it was so hard for me to find other projects to contribute to is that you can probably contribute more easily if you are an active user of the software. I think having time to develop familiarity with more projects would've really facilitated contributions / made them more significant.

### End of semester small contributions: [20](https://nyu-ossd-s18.github.io/jad626-weekly/contributions/)
