---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# Questions for Danna
1. What are you most excited about regarding the future direction of Google?
2. What did you work on when you first got to Google? What are you working on now?
3. What project, at Google or elsewhere, are you most proud of?

# Team Progress

As always, you can check out our progress [here](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/blob/master/meeting-minutes.md). For convenience, here's a quick summary of the progress this week:

* Updated the projects page to reflect this week's milestones.
  * See [Sprint 1 Task Board](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/projects/2) for this week's milestones (and progress))
* Went through the issues we identified and had discussion re: how we might go about solving each one.
* Picked out first issue we wanted to focus on.
* Made plan / divided work to go through code base so that we can possibly resolve the issue.
* Took some time to confirm one of the issues we identified is a decent issue / has not been posted / made plan to post it.
* Looked at the issues we decided to tackle first in detail.
  * Found that some of them had been fixed, but not closed, so we inquired about that (Juan commented specifically on the main issue we wanted to contribute to). It turns out there is still an area that hasn't been addressed and is open, so we're considering adding that to the agenda.
* Got started on our plan B, which does require some coding, and which we found to be a really interesting and useful feature request. We all split up the code base to look for where the solution might be.
  * Ended up being harder than we expected. Resolving it is our main goal for our next weekly meeting on Monday, Apr 2.
* Identified possible additional issues.

Since we meet on Monday, we expect and hope to make more significant progress tomorrow.

Yes, I, as an individual have been able to actively participate in what the group is working on. This week, Juan and I discussed what the Python code needed in order to resolve the issue we've targeted might look like. Additionally, maintain the documentation for the group and identify issues that are approachable for our group members, who have varying strengths.

# Additional Contributions

**Total points: 12**

This week I submitted two issues to the course website:

| # |                                                         Contribution                                                         | Contribution Type |
|:-:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------:|
| 1 |              [Issue created: broken link to Danna Kelmer's LinkedIn](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/98)             |   Course Website  |
| 2 | [Issue created: wrong instructions for adding Contributions.md to personal blog](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/99) |   Course Website  |

[Here's a link to all of the contributions I've made, for easy reference](https://nyu-ossd-s18.github.io/jad626-weekly/contributions/).
