---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# Qutebrowser Progress

This week, we continued to work on the couple of issues we decided to spend most of our efforts on. I, myself, continued to focus on an issue where Qutebrowser's lazy loading feature causes the tab to say "Suspended: " which means that if you have a lot of tabs open, and Qutebrowser tries to compress the size of the tabs, that you can no longer see what the tabs' actual titles are. As a result, someone suggested to just change the color so that you can tell if a tab is lazy loaded/suspended like that, instead, and preserve the tab name. I wrote up the code to allow for the color to show up, but then had trouble replicating the issue, as it didn't seem like the tabs ever went into lazy load mode for me. As a result, I didn't know where to finish the code so that it used my implementation instead. After spending a lot of time on this, I went back and had a go at the feature request we had our eye on before (performing a search in multiple search engine tabs at once).

# Qutebrowser's License

Qutebrowser uses the [GNU General Public License (v3.0)](https://github.com/qutebrowser/qutebrowser/blob/master/LICENSE). Under this license, you're *allowed* to, under certain conditions, use the software for commercial purposes, modify the code and produce derivatives from it, distribute the original code or your modified version, or use it in private. It delineates the ability to practice patent claims of contributors to the code and place a warranty on the software. It expressly *limits* itself from liability, and states that it does not provide a warranty for this software. This license requires you to include a license and copyright notice, as well as state all changes you've made to the software, disclose all code linked with the GPL 3.0 source code under a GPL 3.0 compatible license, as well as include installation information for the software.
