---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# Humanitarian Open Source Projects

Going through the list of the open source projects I'm familiar with, I don't think that normally I could pick out one that was patently humanitarian. However, funnily enough, when my group and I were looking into new projects when deciding which open source project to switch to, one of our group members was really adamant about working on one called Akvo. Obviously we didn't end up going with it, but the foundation's inherently humanitarian nature was something that we noted and admired when looking into it. The foundation is mostly dedicated to building data collection and visualization systems, with the goal of contributing to international development and aid activity. In this way, the foundation certainly reflects the definition of "humanitarian" provided by the Merriam-Webster Dictionary. Specifically, we looked into Akvo Flow, which according to [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akvo_Foundation#Products_and_services), "was used primarily in water and sanitation projects, but has more recently been used in a variety of fields, including fisheries management, school management and disaster relief."

# Qutebrowser Group Project

### This Week's Progress on the Group Project

You can check out what our group has done thus far in our [qutebrowser meeting minutes document here](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/blob/master/meeting-minutes.md). In short, we familiarized ourselves with the developer guidelines/environment, made a task board, checked out issues that seemed within reach (as well as similar issues that have already been resolved / used said issues as a model for our contributions going forward), and identified a few issues of our own.

### Next (Personal) Steps

In addition to working with my group to solve a few of the issues we've identified on the qutebrowser issues page, I'd like to focus on documentation, myself. I'm going to look deeper into the documentation to try to resolve the documentation issues already posted on the GitHub page, as well as find additional issues that haven't yet been identified.
