---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# On Fixing an Issue

I was assigned to fix [Issue #11](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/11): a misformatted link. I claimed this issue because the lack of formatting jumped out at me when I first saw it on the class website, and it was a simple fix.

Upon being assigned to the issue, I went to the macOS Terminal, made a local folder, and cloned the repository by typing the following:
`git clone https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18.git`

This created a local copy of the repository. I went to the problem file ([05.markdown]( cs480_s18/_includes/daily/05.markdown )), as identified by someone else in the issue thread, and proceeded to fix the link by making the following change:
`[t]ryGit(https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)`
`[tryGit](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)`
which fixed the problem link.

After that, since I didn't have permission to directly change the file in the original repository, I had to fork the project.
In the Terminal, I had to reflect this by typing
`git remote add myfork https://github.com/juliandorville/cs480_s18`

I then had to add, commit, and push the updated file to my fork of the project by doing the following commands:
`git add 05.markdown
git commit -m "Fixed misformatted tryGit link."
git push myfork`

This updated my fork of the project. I saw that GitHub immediately reflected the change by going to my fork and seeing the issue was fixed in my copy, while the original was unchanged (it also said my fork was 1 commit ahead of the original).

I then had to create [this pull request](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/60) so that, if accepted and merged, the original would reflect the changes I made. I referenced the original issue and tagged the person who first created the issue to see if my changes fixed the issue they identified.

#On CodeTriage:

Upon signing up for CodeTriage, my first impression was that it seemed like a great resource for finding projects for contributing. I looked around for projects that I was familiar with and signed up for emails related to IntelliJ-Community, Google Guava, and youtube-dl. Every time I received an email for one of these projects, I found the issues a bit daunting. A lot of the issues seem out of my reach, in terms of level of expertise needed to contribute. For example, I got an email about a youtube-dl issue about downloading videos from FXNow. Someone had asked the collaborators for help, and the creator replied saying "I've no interest in working on that". The original poster asked for a couple of pointers in where he could possibly begin to implement a fix, but the collaborator did not reply. I found that the collaborator's vague reply and lack of a willingness to help went against the open source spirit. I figured he could've at least been more specific or accommodating, but it's possible this was just due to the fact that the contributors have issues / outside work that have higher priority. Apart from that, another one of the notifications I got was about a pull request submitted to the JetBrains IntelliJ-Community repository, labeled as IDEA-168508 make collapse targets configurable. I checked it out and saw that the user had submitted a pull request almost a year ago (on February 22, 2017). However, there was a conflict with two files in the branch, and there were no comments in response. I thought it was interesting that in a year, there has been no visible effort to merge the commit.
