---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

# On Contributing to Open Source:

### What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?

When looking to contribute to open source projects, I first look for projects that are directly interesting to me. I think it's a lot easier to work on something that you're interested in--otherwise contributing becomes a chore and it may take ages for you to find the motivation to make a necessary contribution. The next thing I look for is my capability to make a valuable contribution. If I don't know a language or framework or anything else necessary before collaboration is possible, the learning curve may be too large and I have to ask myself whether it's worth it. In addition to these things, I think a larger community / a community with more active members is more enticing than a smaller one, given that I know that my contributions will go noticed, and others will be more responsive if/when I request help.

### What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (What are your strengths?)

As someone with good attention to detail, and experience in technical writing, I am able to work on the things that a lot of other programmers don't like: documentation and checking for bugs. Also, I enjoy, and have in the past, providing translation for projects that need to be translated to foreign languages.

### What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

Given the importance of teamwork when working as a software engineer at a professional level, by working on open source projects, I hope to learn valuable ways to interact with others in sharing, manipulating, and discussing code and documentation. Also, given how useful open source software often is, I hope to learn how to find useful, meaningful projects to which I can make contributions.

### What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project?

When considering working on an open source project, I get most worried about not being able to make a meaningful contribution, given a mismatch of skill sets. For example, many of the open source projects on CodeTriage are extremely popular, and so they call my attention, but as I found out, there's often a crazy learning curve in order to make even a simple contribution / solve a trivial issue. Additionally, I get worried about making errors when contributing, and possibly creating even more bugs. However, that is part of the learning process, and I think that if a community really adheres to the open source spirit, they should be willing to help.


# Questions for Aurelia from Mozilla:

1. In your experience, how much of an impact does Mozilla's open source nature have on development at the company?
2. Have you observed any downsides to the use of open source?
3. How much do outside contributions (i.e., from public users) affect the development process at Mozilla?
